CodePen challenge: https://codepen.io/AJKemps/pen/pojpGKB
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML gives a webpage meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for marking up a webpage - it's the core content without the pretty stuff.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An HTML attribute are words used inside the opening tag to provide addtional information about an HTML element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The H1 tag is used to designate the most important information on a page. It should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor links and images

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The <header> tag. 

    7. What is an id?
    The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an html element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element can have an id added to it.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    One time per page.

    10. What is a class? 
    The HTML class attribute is used to define eual styles for elements with the same class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Every element can have a class added to it. 
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    As many times as desired.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add 'target="_blank"' to your anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute provides an alternate text for an image, if the user for some reason cannot view it (because of slow connection, an error in the src attribute, or if the user uses a screen reader).
    The value of the alt attribute should describe the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #ID in CSS to reference an html id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a portion of webpage that can be ascribed meaning, whereas divs are used to group for styling like creating space, adding structure, etc.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to add style to the webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Simply type the element tag.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a group of elements that you want to call all at the same time, whereas an ID is a single, specific element that can only be used once.
    A class might be Dog Names and an could be Fido.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Select a class by ".classname"

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{}
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent-child relationship is created by nesting heirarchy in HTML. You can call a parent to select all elements, or a child to call a specific element within the heirarchy.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudoselector allows you to call a specific element that is a part of a class, for example, the 'last-child' in a list.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    selector{
        line-height: XX;
    }

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
     selector{
        letter-spacing: XX;
    }

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        p.uppercase {
            text-transform: uppercase;
        }

        p.lowercase {
            text-transform: lowercase;
        }

        p.capitalize {
            text-transform: capitalize;
        }

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border-style: dotted;
        color: black;
        width: 1px;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Universal selector = *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    // comment //

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    "rm" - it deletes forever, no undo or trash can

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    best way to store multiple versions of your code, almost all companies use it 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every time you get a feature working, or every twenty minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1) make a fork to your github
    2) clone to appropriate directory in terminal
    3) create branch of this repo
    4) open in vs code and make changes
    5) git add .
    6) git commit -m "your helpful message here"
    7) git push u- origin branch-name
    8) go to your github to create new pull request
    9) move to appropriate branch
    10) add TL as a reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 